the name of this file is data and its position is in directory
So, it has been a brilliant comeback for Bumrah after almost a year-long injury layoff. To get a Man of the Match award on his return game would be a dream come true for him. The inswinger he bowled to outfox Balbirnie was a beauty – just goes on to show that he has practiced hard in the nets and he has got his rhythm in place. He looked composed in the middle and led India well too. Krishna also had a good T20I debut as he nipped out two wickets in his opening spell. Ireland had a few positives, McCarthy and Campher's performance with the bat and Young's opening burst with the ball to be precise. But, they would have to put up a collective show to trouble the Indian side. On that note, we bid you goodbye. We hope enjoyed our coverage. Join us for the second T20I on 20th August. Till then, goodbye and cheers!
Jasprit Bumrah | India captain and Player of the Match: Felt very good, so many sessions I did at the NCA, didn't feel I missed out a lot or was doing something new. Credit to the staff, they kept me in good spirits. You are not thinking about yourself, you are thinking about others out there. Not really nervous but very happy. There was some swing upfront so we wanted to use it. Luckily we won the toss and it was coming out fine. There was some help due to the weather, so very happy. In every game, you would want more. After a crisis, they played well, credit where it is due. Even when you win, there are areas to improve on. Everybody is very confident, they are very well prepared. I think the IPL also helps. It is always good, wherever we go, they support us, that helps us to keep the spirit high.
Barry McCarthy: It is always good contribute to the team, disappointed that we didn't get a win. (On his partnership with Campher) We knew we had to get a good score on the board. We were enforcing ourselves and playing strong shots. In the second innings there was a little bit in the wicket. It's important to take the game to the opposition. It's always nice to contribute to the team.
18:14 Local Time, 17:14 GMT, 22:44 IST: The two umpires have a chat with Jasprit Bumrah and Paul Stirling and have decided to call it a match. Unfortunate as we were building up towards an exciting contest. India won't be complaining though as they edge out Ireland by a very thin margin of 2 runs on DLS. The 57-run stand between Campher and McCarthy helped Ireland to get some momentum and reach a fighting total. Special mention for McCarthy who played a brilliant knock coming in at No. 8 and scored his maiden T20I fifty. The Irish new ball bowlers got the ball to move but Jaiswal and Gaikwad mixed caution with aggression to perfection. They played some eye-catchy strokes and ensured India were placed well after the powerplay. It was the arrival of Craig Young just after the powerplay which saw Ireland bouncing back. He picked up two wickets in two balls, nipping out Jaiswal and Tilak. But, the rain came in after that and forced the players to walk off with India two runs ahead on DLS. That turned out to good enough for the Men in Blue.
Par score at the end over# 6.5: 45/2
18:06 Local Time, 17:06 GMT, 22:36 IST: The covers are firmly in place as it's still raining. The live visuals present a gloomy picture.
17:47 Local Time, 16:47 GMT, 22:17 IST: Looks like it's still raining as we haven't heard anything positive yet. We will bring you an update as soon as we have one...
17:25 Local Time, 16:25 GMT, 21:55 IST: The umpires have decided to call for the covers and the groundsmen rush in. The players are going off with India two runs ahead on the DLS at present. The pitch has been covered. Let's hope it is a passing shower
Adavirao: Rutu got all the ingredients right- temperament, class, ability to play big daddy innings, I really hope he will be given a long run.
6.5
Young to Gaikwad, no run, dug in short this time, Gaikwad lets it go. The umpire calls it one bouncer for the over
The rain has intensified and more umbrellas go up in the crowd
6.4
Young to Samson, 1 run, back of a length ball outside off, Samson steers it down to third man to rotate strike. Young won't get the hat-trick
Sanju Samson, right handed bat, comes to the crease
6.3
Young to Tilak Varma, out Caught by Tucker!! Two in two for Young and he is jubilant! A soft dismissal that. Back of a length ball on leg stump, shaping down, Tilak Varma tries to glance it fine but only manages to nick it behind. Tucker moves to his right and dives to take a good catch. Young is on a hat-trick now. Tilak Varma c Tucker b Young 0(1)
Young to Tilak Varma, THATS OUT!! Caught!!
Tilak Varma, left handed bat, comes to the crease
6.2
Young to Jaiswal, out Caught by Stirling!! Much-needed breakthrough for Ireland! Jaiswal uses his feet and Young bowls a short ball. He goes through with a pull shot but ends up slicing it. Stirling runs in from mid-wicket and takes an easy catch. Jaiswal c Stirling b Young 24(23) [4s-3 6s-1]
Young to Jaiswal, THATS OUT!! Caught!!
6.1
Young to Gaikwad, 1 run, back of a length ball around off, tucked to mid-wicket for a run
Craig Young, right-arm medium, comes into the attack